cpp sdk custom logger (#420)
configcat/docs: website/docs/sdk-reference/cpp.mdx

  Returning 'true'.
```

### Custom logger implementation

> In the ConfigCat SDK, a default `ConsoleLogger` writes logs to the standard output, but you can override it with your implementation via the `logger` client option.
> The custom implementation must satisfy the `ILogger` abstract class.

Reviewer: nit: wording

```suggestion
In the ConfigCat SDK, the default logger (`ConsoleLogger`) writes logs to the standard output, but you can override it with your implementation via the `logger` client option.
The custom logger must implement the `ILogger` abstract class.
```

  Returning 'true'.
```

### Custom logger implementation

> 

Reviewer: Could you add a short introduction text here like [the JS SDK docs do](https://github.com/configcat/docs/blob/fdf750f005a9ccb6996813146bf4ad88552cf404/website/docs/sdk-reference/js.mdx?plain=1#L618)?

Author: I moved the text from the parent section here.
